{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Archetypes of people who generate business expenses.\
\

\f1\b The C-level nomad.\

\f0\b0 Travels every week, in a different place. Up to the point where she wakes up not knowing in what city she is. Generates a ton of business expenses but she can have a company credit card and an allocated budget, with no need to justify her travel expenses. Or she has an assistant that collects her receipts and does it for her. \
\
When it\'92s not the case, then getting expenses done becomes a real hassle. This person is very time poor and resents spending her time on admin tasks like these. She would sometimes do in on the weekend.\
\
Losing a couple of receipts is no big deal though, as her salary allows her not to worry about minor expenses.\
\
Issues: \
- Make travel arrangements: book hotels and tickets.\
- Collect invoices and receipts for her assistant\
- Log expenses every week\
- Losing receipts\
- Get consistent service wherever she stays -> in search of habits.\
\
Goal: minimise time spent on collective receipts and logging expenses. Not valuable.\
\
Example: Prelini, Ben Morgan, Hartmut.\
\

\f1\b The money maker
\f0\b0 \
Travels every week to the same place. Has been assigned there for a limited period of time. He wants to make sure he is not out of his pocket and even makes money on per diems. Always stay at the same hotel - his company has a deal - and goes to the same restaurant -> strong routine. Feels no remorse in charging a lot of things. \'93You can expense everything\'94 is his motto, especially when he feels that he\'92s not compensated enough for the hassle of traveling all the time.\
\
Issues:\
- Keeping track of his expenses. He does not want one to slide through.\
- Losing receipts.\
- Cash flow. Expenses can dig a hole on his bank account. He wants to make sure he\'92s refunded as fast as possible. \
- Optimisation. Gets a kick out of the additional revenue he can make thanks to per diem and other expenses.\
\
Example: Nikki, the Australians from IRD, Zeb in Oz.\
\
Goal: make sure all expenses have been done with a little extra when possible.\
\

\f1\b The unaware
\f0\b0 \
She travels a bit, not on a regular schedule. She expenses part of her journey but she is not too close to money and missing a receipt or not charging an expense is not a big deal. She can even feel guilty about charging, so she does not spend too much time dealing with it.\
\
Issues:\
- Knowing how to expense stuff: process, tools, validation.\
- Not knowing what she can expense or not\
- Losing money on items she did not expense\
\
Example: Steven, Lauren\
\
Goal: not have to do any expense.\

\f1\b \
}